# Publish-Subscribe-Simulation

1. The main goal is to create a system where you can send and receive information (mostly data packets) similar to MQ or Amazon's SNS. It should have a pub/sub kind of structure so you can either subscribe or publish to a particular topic (so either push data to a topic or read the data from the topic).

2. There are functions for publishing and subscribing to a topic. 

3. Once someone is subscribed to a topic, there should be two methods to get data. You can request data at any point or if there is new data pushed (published) to the topic, the topic will push the new data to all subscribers. Implement this as well.

The entire system is divided interesting two classes: TopicPublisher and Subscriber.

The TopicPublisher class generates data packets to be received by its corresponding Subscribers. All the data generated by the TopicPublisher is aired in the form of an array for later use.

The Subscriber class has the following functionalities:
1. A Subscriber can subscriber to multiple TopicPublishers.
2. A Subscriber can access data packets in two modes: push(TopicPublisher sends the data as soon as it generates it) and pull(Subscriber requests the TopicPublisher explicitly for data packets)
3. At each data request(push or pull) a subscriber receives new data generated by the TopicPublisher
4. A Subscriber can unsubscribe to the TopicPublisher at anytime to stop receiving the messages from the corresponding TopicPublisher

Following assumptions were made for the model implemented in this exercise:
1. Data packets are Strings
2. The user should enter the data to be published on the command line
3. All the publish/subscribe/unsubscribe requests are hardcoded

